1. Installation

1.1. Linux/Unix installation

1.1.1. Directly from source

You need to have maven 3 and jdk 1.8 installed.

unzip:

    tar -xjpf jTracer-1.04.tar.bz2
    cd jtracer

compile (development build):

    mvn -P development-standard package

compile (release build):

    mvn -P release-standard package

install:

    cd target

double click jTracer-1.04.jar or execute

    java -jar jTracer-1.04.jar

This will install  jTracer under ~/.jTracer.  A desktop shortcut  and a shortcut
script  (/usr/bin/jTracer) will  also be  installed. You  can  then  launch the
installed  program  by   either   double  clicking  ~/.jTracer/jTracer-1.04.jar,
double clicking the desktop shortcut or by just running jTracer in a   terminal.
Note that the shortcut script will be properly installed if you install as  root
or using a sudoer user account.

Optionally clean the source tree:

    rm -rf target logs

or

    mvn clean

Notice that maven's pom.xml is not static but generated by template.pom.xml. You
can update  your pom.xml  by double  clicking bin/pom-assembler-1.0.1.jar  or by
executing:

    java -jar pom-assembler-1.0.1.jar

Lastly, if  you want  to create  the javadoc  for the  project, inspect  and use
bin/bash/makeJavadoc.sh


1.1.2. Using IntelliJ IDEA (version >= 13)

You need to have maven 3 and jdk 1.8 installed.

Open the project  in the IDE  and copy all  xml files from  config/intellij into
.idea/runConfigurations. You may need to create this directory. Then you can use
any of  these configurations   to compile,  package, run,  install or  debug the
project.

Additionally, the  file config\intellij\jTracerCodeStyles-1.04.jar  contains the
coding  styles  used in  the project.  You can  import these  settings using the
wizard invoked by the File -> Import Settings menu.


1.1.3.  Using  a   pre-compiled,  self-extractable,  self-executable   and  self
-installable jar

You need to have jre 1.8 installed.

Just double click the file you've downloaded.

This will install  jTracer under ~/.jTracer.  A desktop shortcut  and a shortcut
script  (/usr/bin/jTracer) will  also be  installed. You  can  then  launch the
installed  program   by  either   double  clicking  ~/.jTracer/jTracer-1.04.jar,
double clicking the desktop shortcut or by just running jTracer in a   terminal.
Note that the shortcut script will be properly installed if you install as  root
or using a sudoer user account.


1.2. Windows installation

1.2.1. Directly from source

You need to have maven 3 and jdk 1.8 installed. Optionally you may need a Cygwin
installation to  be able  to use  a Bourne  Shell (if,  for example, you want to
generate the project javadoc automatically).

After you  unzip the  tarball, the  steps to  install  and  launch  jTracer  are
identical  to  those for  the Linux/Unix  installation, but  you need  to use  a
Command Shell or PowerShell.

The program will be  installed in your  home  directory in .jTracer. No  desktop
shortcut, start menu   item or other  link/shortcut is currently  installed. You
can drag/drop  jTracer-1.04.jar onto you  desktop to create a launcher. 


1.2.2. Using IntelliJ IDEA (version >= 13)

You need to  have maven 3  and jdk 1.8  installed. IDEA Bash  plugin may come in
handy. The steps you need to take to install, are identical to those for Linux.


1.2.3.  Using  a   pre-compiled,  self-extractable,  self-executable   and  self
-installable jar

You need to have jre 1.8 installed.

Just double click the file you've downloaded.

The program will be  installed in your  home  directory in .jTracer. No  desktop
shortcut, start menu   item or other  link/shortcut is currently  installed. You
can drag/drop  jTracer-1.04.jar onto you  desktop to create a launcher.


2. Configuration
